- book
	- 1.1
	  collapsed:: true
		- three mechanisms for combining simple ideas into complex ones:
			- primitive expressions - a language's simplest entities, procedures and data
			  means of combination - procedure composition and construction of compound data
			  means of abstraction - elements named & manipulated
		- environment tracks named entities, provides context for evaluation
		- applicative-order evaluation model
		  1. evaluate subexpressions
		  2. apply operator to operands
		  normal-order evaluation model
		  1. substitute non-primitive expressions
		  2. apply operator to operands
		  special forms have their own evaluation models
		- predicates return/evaluate to true or false
		- procedure parameters are called bound variables, procedures bind their parameters. a free variable is one that is not bound. the expressions for which a binding defines a name is the name's scope. capturing a variable is to use it's name in a binding.
		- block structure is the nesting of definitions. lexical scoping allows internal definitions to use the bound variables of their enclosing procedure as free
	- 1.2
	  collapsed:: true
		- learning to visualise the processes generated by various types of procedures enables one to reliably construct programs that exhibit desired behaviour
		- the substitution model can be used to visualise processes from procedures
		- a recursive process is characterised by the building of a chain of deferred operations. the process expands as the chain is built and contracts as the operations are finally performed. a linear recursive process is one in which the length of the chain is proportional to the value being computed
		- an iterative process is characterised by having a number of fixed state variables which are updated by a fixed rule as the process evolves, optionally with a test specifying the conditions for termination. a linear iterative process is one whose number of required steps is proportional to the value being computed
		- at any point, the state of an iterative process is described by it's variables. the state of a recursive process is maintained by the interpreter.
		- recursive procedures and recursive processes are distinct. a recursive procedure is one in which the procedure refers to itself in its definition, but this can still result in an iterative process.
		- a language implementation must be tail-recursive to support expressing iterative processes with recursive procedures; without this property special looping constructs are required to describe iterative processes.
		- in general for a tree-recursive process, the number of steps is proportional to the number of nodes, and the space used is proportional to the depth of the tree
- lectures
	- 1a